# The basics
## The idea behind programming languages
Programming languages are similar to the ones we use in our daily lives. They're used as tools for communicating ideas, but with a computer instead of another human. Just like you can express in English, Spanish, or Polish and the meaning can stay the same, you can describe the same ideas using different programming languages.

## Imperative programming
Programming languages are used to write programs of various sorts. There are, however, several ways in which it can be done!
The most widely used is called imperative programming, so it's going to be the main focus of this tutorial.
As the naming implies, it is essentially just giving the computer the exact steps it has to do to achieve the desired goal.

## Expressions and execution order
A code can be thought of as a set of instructions. Consider this instruction for making tea:
```
1. Put some water into a kettle
2. Boil the water using the kettle
3. Pour the boiling water into a cup
4. Throw a teabag inside
```
The above instruction consists of several points. 
Each individual step is called an **expression**. Usually, one expression takes one line, but there are exceptions.

**Notice how instructions have to be in the correct order for the recipe to work.**

# First program
With all that knowledge we can make our first program which will consist of a single expression. Here it is:
```qik
print("Hello world")
```
Let's break down this simple piece of code! It starts with `print`, which is a function. This particular one just outputs whatever is passed to the standard output. In this case, it was a set of characters `"Hello world"`.
So far, you don't need to understand everything, just know that when something is passed into the `(...)` after a print, it will be outputted!
With that in mind, let's go to the next lesson!

## Comments
You can add comments to code. They're a way of including a desription/commenting on something inside the code. For example:
```qik
//This will print out "Hello world" to the output!
print("Hello world")
```
Here you can see that everything after two slashes `//` until the end of the line is treated as a comment and **will NOT have anny effect** on the code, it's just there for cosmetic purposes.
You can also create comments that span for multiple lines like so:
```qik
/*
This is my first program.
It's really simple, but we all start somewhere!
*/
print("Hello world")
```

Comments are a nice way to inform people reading your code, **yourself included**, what's happening behind the scenes. It's a good practice to write every now and then to keep things clean and documented, however, **it's important not over use them!**
