# Values
The entirety of programming consists of managing and processing values. Even our first program used 2 values: the `print` function and a **string** `"Hello world!"`. And there's only going to be more than that!

## Types
Each value has its type. It basically means what kind of data it is. For example, in our `Hello world` example, `"Hello world"` was a string, which is a set of characters. There are several types of data and you'll learn each one of them!

## Variables
Variables are a way to name values that can be changed and generally referred to. They're named things that store values. For example, we can modify `Hello world` to use a variable like so:
```qik
text = "Hello world"
print(text)
```
Let's break down each of the 2 lines.
First, we create a variable named `text` and assign a value of "Hello world" to it. Then, we can print the contents of that variable using print!
Why even use variables at all? Consider the task of printing a simple text to output multiple times. Right now, we already know how to do this:
```qik
print("Some text")
print("Some text")
print("Some text")
```
Now, remember that a good programmer is a lazy one. What if we wanted to change what text gets printed out? Well, with our original approach, we have to change 3 lines! What if instead, we used a variable?
```qik
text = "Some other text"
print(text)
print(text)
print(text)
```
And voila! Now if we want to change what gets printed, all we have to do is change the value once! So variables are good practice, because they make the code clearer and most importantly, reusable!

You can have as many variables as you want! There are global and local variables, but for now, you don't need to know the difference!

To create a new variable in QIK just follow this pattern:
```qik
variable_name = "variable_value"
```
Variable names have to start with a letter and then allow only letters, numbers, and '_' characters.

As the name implies, variables can change their value during their lifespan. Here's an example of how you can change it:
```qik
var = "Some text"
print(var)
var = "Some other value"
print(var)
```
The following code will result in two different outputs, "Some text" followed by "Some other value" because variable `var` changed its value after the first print. Remember, each line is executed in descending order!

Here we can also deduce why the string values have to be included in "quotation marks". That's because without them QIK would try to treat them as distinct variables!
