# Numbers
Numbers are the first data type we're going to learn. Programming is related to maths and you won't escape dealing with numbers!
To refer to a number value just type it in the desired place:
```qik
print(42)
```
The code above will print the number `42`. **Notice how this time there was no need for quotation marks!**

##  Basic math operators
Of course, having just the numbers we cannot do much. That's where math operators come in! They are a way to interact with numbers. Take a look at this piece of code:
```qik
print(12+13)
```
As you can see, QIK has no trouble dealing with addition! Here are some other arithmetic operators that are available:
```qik
a = 2
b = 3
print(a+b) //5
print(a-b) //-1
print(a*b) //6
print(a/b) //0.67
print(a%b) //2
```
As you can see, these operators can be used on any numeric value! This means they work on variables as well as literals (a number passed 'as is'). You can use these in any place an expression would fit, for example, when assigning a value to a variable.
```qik
c = a + b*3 //This will set c to the right side of equation
```

##  Order of operations
QIK supports the basic order of operations. This means that this expression:
```QIK
print(1+2*3)
```
will print out 7, because despite `1+2` being before `2*3`, multiplication has a higher order of operation and that's why it will be calculated before adding `1`.

If you want to ensure another order, you can use parenthesis!
```qik
print( (1+2)*3 )
```
This time, the code will print out 9, as it performed the operations inside the parenthesis first, and only then it multiply the result by 3.

# Strings
Strings are basically a set of ASCII characters. They're the main way to store any kind of text whether it's a single character, a word, a whole sentence, or an entire book! As we've previously seen, they can be created using quotation marks. You'll learn more about them in the next chapters. For now, that's all you need to know.

# Booleans
As you might know, computers store everything as 1's and 0's. A boolean value is a value that is allowed to have only of these two. Instead of 0 and 1, they are referred to as `false` (0) and `true` (1).
Booleans are used to represent a single fact. Consider the following sentence: "It's raining now". This sentence can be either `true` or `false`, there's no way to have and not have rain at a given time. Here's how to use `true` and `false` in QIK:
```qik
bool1 = (.) //True
bool2 = (!) //False
```
The `bool1` variable will hold a `true` value and `bool2` will hold a `false` value.

## Logical operators
Just like numbers, boolean values have their own operators. In QIK, these operations are not strictly tied to booleans and will not always result in a boolean, but most of the time it's easier to think about them in this way. Here are a few examples!
True is depicted as `(.)` and false is `(!)` in QIK. It's easy to remember since `true` is a fact, a sentence that ends with a dot (.), and `false` is essentially a lie, a negation of `true`, therefore it has '!' in it.

### Relation operators
You can use relational operators to figure out the relation between two values! Most of them return a boolean value as a result!
```qik
//The `==` operator returns whether both values are the same
print(1+1 == 2) // (.), true as 1+1 is 2
//The `!=` operator returns whether both values are NOT the same
print(1+1 != 2) // (.), false as 1+1 is 2
//There are also greater/smaller operators that work only on numbers
print(3 < 1) //(!), false as 3 is not smaller than 1
//You can combine them with equality too
print(3 >= 1) //(.), true as 3 is greater or equal to 1
```

### NOT (negation)
You can negate a boolean value with '!', which changes it to the other one
```qik
print( !(.) ) //This will **NOT** be true, so it's (!) false
```

### AND (logical sum/alternative)
You can combine two values with **&&** to get if **both** of them are `true`. If not, the whole statement will become `false`.
```qik
a = 2
print(a == 2 && a < 3) //True since both values evaluate to true
print(a < 4 && a+1==5) //False as the second value is not true
```

### OR (logical multiplication/conjunction)
You can combine two values with **||** to get if **at least one** of them is `true`. If not, the whole statement will become `false`.
```qik
a = 2
print(a == 2 || a < 3) //True since both values evaluate to true
print(a < 4 || a+1==5) //True as the first value is true
```

### Boolean evaluation
For the sake of boolean operators, each value is treated as `true` with the obvious exception of `false` value itself and `empty` value (_).

**Booleans may seem useless for now, but they will have a major role later on, so keep them in mind!**

# Empty
Empty (known as NULL or nil in some languages) represents an *empty* value. In other words, it's used to describe **a lack of value**.
For example, consider this code:
```
print(a)
```
In the code above, the variable `a` didn't have any value assigned to it. In other words, it was empty and didn't really exist. That's why the above will output `(_)`, an empty parenthesis that corresponds to an empty value in QIK. It's easy to remember since it looks like nothing! It screams `empty` as much as it can!

The empty `(_)` value is also used to delete a values that are no longer needed. You can, for example, assign `(_)` to delete a variable!
```qik
a = 1
print(a) //This is 1
a = (_) //Deleting variable 'a'
print(a) //Variable a is now empty, prints out (_)
```
