# The idea behind coding
Programming languages are similar to those we're used to in real life. They're used as tools for communicating ideas, but with a computer instead of another human. Just like you can express in English, Spanish, or Polish and the meaning can stay the same, you can describe the same ideas using different programming languages.

# Imperative programming
Programming languages are used to write programs of various sorts. There are, however, several ways in which it can be done!
The most widely used is called imperative programming, and so, we focus on it.

As the naming implies, it is essentially just giving the computer the exact steps it has to do to achieve the desired goal.

# Expressions and execution order
A code can be thought of as a set of instructions. Consider this instruction for making a tea:
```
1. Put some water into a kettle
2. Boil the water using the kettle
3. Pour the boiling water to a cup
4. Throw a teabag inside
```
The above instruction consists of several points. 
Each individual step is called an **expression**. Usually, one expression takes one line, but there are exceptions.

**Notice how instructions have to be in correct order for the recipe to work.**

# First program
It's a tradition to start one's programming journey with a simple program that just outputs `Hello world`. Here a code sample is described in detail below:
```qik
print("Hello world")
```
The following code consists of only one expression and therefore, one line.

The first word `print` is a variable. Variables hold a value, in this case, it's a function. Functions will be described in greater detail later on! For now, all you need to remember is that passing something into a `print` will display/output whatever you put inside. Here's another example:
```qik
print(42)
```
As you might expect, his program outputs number 42.
As you can see, these two examples are very similar, **yet** there's a small difference. Notice how the `Hello world` program has these quotation marks `"` around the text that is output while 42 doesn't.
That's because `"Hello world"` is a string, or in other words, a sequence of characters. It can be anything from a single character, a word, a whole sentence, or an entire book!
Ok, but why the quotation marks?
That's because a set of characters without them is treated as a variable and we don't want to print a variable called.
